-   Application engineer: Stomzy Mwendwa
-   Customer: KBTG 
-   Date: June 16, 2022
-   Version: ​3.40
-   Deployment: Docker-compose
-   External Services:
-   Auth Providers:
-   Slack Links: https://sourcegraph.slack.com/archives/C03GRH68W7M/p1655458384403969
-   GitHub Issue Link: N/A
-   Doc Update Link: N/A
Question: what is best practice to config indexer to able to search latest update code?
I got a feedback from user that they cannot find code in their repository. After I investigate, I found that they didn't push code in default branch (it staled for a year) but they put in different environment branch.
From what I understand, SourceGraph default search and only in default branch, which in this case, the code is not in default branch so it cannot find.
I want SourceGraph to search everything not only default branch, but I don't want to config each repo individually everytime. I can tell user to put rev: tag, but then it break the "global search" feature, which they want to search everything.
Are there any way I can easily manage this?
attached the picture of repo and branch that they cannot find.
To answer this: Question: what is the best practice to config indexer to able to search latest update code? Sourcegraph 'talks' to the code host to pull updates based on a heuristic that's based on commit frequency in the repositories From our docs: For example, if a repository's last commit was 8 hours ago, then the next sync will be scheduled 4 hours from now. If after 4 hours, there are still no new commits, then the next sync will be scheduled 6 hours from then. Repositories will not be updated more frequently than 45 seconds, and no less frequently than every 8 hours. You can use either of the following options: You can configure repo webhooks to fetch new repo changes faster. Controlling the sync frequency Option 2: You can opt to use these configurations in the site: repoListUpdateInterval controls how frequently we check the code host for new repositories in minutes. gitMaxConcurrentClones controls the maximum number of concurrent cloning / pulling operations per gitserver that Sourcegraph will perform.
To answer this; I want SourceGraph to search everything not only default branch, but I don't want to config each repo individually everytime. Glob patterns allow you to search over a range of branches or tags. Prepend \* to mark a revision as glob pattern and add the glob-pattern after it like this repo:
https://docs.sourcegraph.com/code_search/how-to/search_contexts
